README.md, before:

# Claude HTML to PDF Converter

<div align="center">

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF?style=social)
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

**Transform Claude AI-generated HTML presentations into professional PDFs with perfect formatting preservation.**

[🌐 Web Interface](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/) • [📖 Documentation](docs/) • [🎨 Templates](templates/) • [🚀 Getting Started](#quick-start)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

- **🎯 Perfect Formatting**: Preserves all CSS styles, gradients, and animations
- **🤖 AI-Optimized**: Designed specifically for Claude-generated presentations  
- **📱 Multi-Format**: Supports horizontal (16:9) and vertical (9:16) layouts
- **⚡ Auto-Detection**: Intelligently detects slide structure and navigation
- **🌐 Web Interface**: Beautiful drag-and-drop interface hosted on GitHub Pages
- **⚙️ CLI Tool**: Command-line interface for automated workflows
- **🎨 Professional Templates**: 10+ ready-to-use templates for various use cases
- **📚 Prompting Guide**: Comprehensive guide for prompting Claude effectively

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Web Interface (Recommended)
Visit [jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/) and drag your HTML file to convert.

### CLI Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF.git
cd Claude_HTML-to-PDF
npm install
npm run build
```

### Basic Usage
```bash
# Convert with auto-detection
npm run start input/presentation.html

# Specify output location
npm run start input/slides.html output/report.pdf

# Vertical format
npm run start slides.html output.pdf --format vertical
```

## 📋 Template Library

### Horizontal Templates (16:9)
- **Business Template** - Corporate presentations and reports
- **Tech Template** - Technical documentation and architecture
- **Marketing Template** - Product launches and campaigns

### Vertical Templates (9:16)  
- **Mobile App Template** - App showcases and features
- **Social Media Template** - Social content and brand materials

> 📁 All templates available in [`templates/`](templates/) directory

## 🎯 Prompting Claude for Best Results

### Quick Template Prompt
```
Create a business presentation about [TOPIC] using the structure from templates/horizontal/business-template.html. Include [SPECIFIC_REQUIREMENTS]. Make it 1920x1080px with embedded CSS/JS and navigation dots.
```

### For Detailed Prompting Strategies
See our comprehensive [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) with:
- ✅ 20+ proven prompts for different presentation types
- ✅ Technical requirements and best practices  
- ✅ Troubleshooting common issues
- ✅ Brand customization guidelines

## 📖 Documentation

| Document | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) | How to prompt Claude for optimal presentations |
| [Templates Guide](templates/README.md) | Using and customizing templates |
| [API Reference](docs/API.md) | CLI options and configuration |
| [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) | Development and contribution guidelines |

## ⚙️ CLI Reference

```bash
npm run start [input] [output] [options]
```

### Options
| Option | Description | Default |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `--format` | `auto` \| `horizontal` \| `vertical` | `auto` |
| `--width` | PDF width in pixels | 1920 (horizontal) |
| `--height` | PDF height in pixels | 1080 (horizontal) |
| `--wait` | Wait time between slides (ms) | 1500 |
| `--quality` | PDF quality setting | `high` |
| `--help` | Show help information | - |

### Examples
```bash
# Auto-detect everything
npm run start

# Corporate presentation  
npm run start quarterly-report.html reports/q4-2024.pdf

# Mobile presentation
npm run start app-launch.html mobile-deck.pdf --format vertical

# High-quality output with longer wait
npm run start complex-slides.html output.pdf --wait 3000 --quality high
```

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
Claude_HTML-to-PDF/
├── 📁 src/                    # TypeScript source code
│   ├── index.ts              # CLI entry point  
│   └── converter.ts          # Core conversion engine
├── 📁 templates/              # Professional templates
│   ├── horizontal/           # 16:9 presentation templates
│   └── vertical/             # 9:16 presentation templates  
├── 📁 docs/                   # Documentation
│   ├── PROMPTING_GUIDE.md    # Claude prompting strategies
│   └── API.md               # Technical documentation
├── 📁 web/                    # Web interface
│   └── assets/               # CSS, JS, and images
├── 📁 input/                  # Place HTML files here
├── 📁 output/                 # Generated PDFs appear here
├── 📁 examples/               # Sample presentations
├── index.html                # GitHub Pages interface
└── package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🔧 How It Works

1. **HTML Analysis** - Detects slide structure using multiple detection methods
2. **Format Detection** - Auto-identifies horizontal vs vertical layout  
3. **Browser Automation** - Uses Puppeteer for high-fidelity rendering
4. **PDF Capture** - Generates individual PDF pages for each slide
5. **Document Merging** - Combines slides into single PDF with pdf-lib

### Supported Presentation Types
- ✅ Claude's standard HTML presentations
- ✅ Reveal.js presentations  
- ✅ Custom HTML/CSS presentations
- ✅ Swiper.js slideshows
- ✅ Single-page presentations

## 🛠️ Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 16+
- npm or yarn

### Setup
```bash
npm install          # Install dependencies
npm run dev         # Development mode
npm run build       # Compile TypeScript
npm run test        # Run test suite
npm run lint        # Code quality checks
```

### Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Slides not detected?**
- Ensure HTML uses `.slide` class or navigation dots
- Check the [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) for proper structure

**Poor PDF quality?**  
- Use `--quality high` option
- Ensure minimum 24px font sizes
- Use high-contrast colors

**Conversion timeout?**
- Increase wait time: `--wait 3000`
- Simplify complex animations
- Check for JavaScript errors

## 📊 Performance

- **Speed**: ~2-3 seconds per slide
- **Quality**: Preserves all visual formatting
- **Compatibility**: Works with all major presentation frameworks
- **Reliability**: 99.9% success rate on well-formed HTML

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built for the Claude AI ecosystem
- Powered by [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) and [pdf-lib](https://pdf-lib.js.org/)
- Inspired by the need for better AI-to-PDF workflows

## 🔗 Links

- [🌐 Live Demo](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/)
- [📖 Full Documentation](docs/)
- [🎨 Template Library](templates/)
- [🐛 Report Issues](https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/issues)
- [💬 Discussions](https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/discussions)

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ for the Claude AI community
</div>

Commit message:

Update copyright to Joseph J Babcanec (c) 2025
- Updated footer copyright on main page
- Updated footer copyright on examples page
- Updated README.md with proper attribution
- Changed year to 2025 for current year

README.md, after:

# Claude HTML to PDF Converter

<div align="center">

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF?style=social)
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

**Transform Claude AI-generated HTML presentations into professional PDFs with perfect formatting preservation.**

[🌐 Web Interface](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/) • [📖 Documentation](docs/) • [🎨 Templates](templates/) • [🚀 Getting Started](#quick-start)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

- **🎯 Perfect Formatting**: Preserves all CSS styles, gradients, and animations
- **🤖 AI-Optimized**: Designed specifically for Claude-generated presentations  
- **📱 Multi-Format**: Supports horizontal (16:9) and vertical (9:16) layouts
- **⚡ Auto-Detection**: Intelligently detects slide structure and navigation
- **🌐 Web Interface**: Beautiful drag-and-drop interface hosted on GitHub Pages
- **⚙️ CLI Tool**: Command-line interface for automated workflows
- **🎨 Professional Templates**: 10+ ready-to-use templates for various use cases
- **📚 Prompting Guide**: Comprehensive guide for prompting Claude effectively

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Web Interface (Recommended)
Visit [jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/) and drag your HTML file to convert.

### CLI Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF.git
cd Claude_HTML-to-PDF
npm install
npm run build
```

### Basic Usage
```bash
# Convert with auto-detection
npm run start input/presentation.html

# Specify output location
npm run start input/slides.html output/report.pdf

# Vertical format
npm run start slides.html output.pdf --format vertical
```

## 📋 Template Library

### Horizontal Templates (16:9)
- **Business Template** - Corporate presentations and reports
- **Tech Template** - Technical documentation and architecture
- **Marketing Template** - Product launches and campaigns

### Vertical Templates (9:16)  
- **Mobile App Template** - App showcases and features
- **Social Media Template** - Social content and brand materials

> 📁 All templates available in [`templates/`](templates/) directory

## 🎯 Prompting Claude for Best Results

### Quick Template Prompt
```
Create a business presentation about [TOPIC] using the structure from templates/horizontal/business-template.html. Include [SPECIFIC_REQUIREMENTS]. Make it 1920x1080px with embedded CSS/JS and navigation dots.
```

### For Detailed Prompting Strategies
See our comprehensive [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) with:
- ✅ 20+ proven prompts for different presentation types
- ✅ Technical requirements and best practices  
- ✅ Troubleshooting common issues
- ✅ Brand customization guidelines

## 📖 Documentation

| Document | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) | How to prompt Claude for optimal presentations |
| [Templates Guide](templates/README.md) | Using and customizing templates |
| [API Reference](docs/API.md) | CLI options and configuration |
| [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) | Development and contribution guidelines |

## ⚙️ CLI Reference

```bash
npm run start [input] [output] [options]
```

### Options
| Option | Description | Default |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| `--format` | `auto` \| `horizontal` \| `vertical` | `auto` |
| `--width` | PDF width in pixels | 1920 (horizontal) |
| `--height` | PDF height in pixels | 1080 (horizontal) |
| `--wait` | Wait time between slides (ms) | 1500 |
| `--quality` | PDF quality setting | `high` |
| `--help` | Show help information | - |

### Examples
```bash
# Auto-detect everything
npm run start

# Corporate presentation  
npm run start quarterly-report.html reports/q4-2024.pdf

# Mobile presentation
npm run start app-launch.html mobile-deck.pdf --format vertical

# High-quality output with longer wait
npm run start complex-slides.html output.pdf --wait 3000 --quality high
```

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
Claude_HTML-to-PDF/
├── 📁 src/                    # TypeScript source code
│   ├── index.ts              # CLI entry point  
│   └── converter.ts          # Core conversion engine
├── 📁 templates/              # Professional templates
│   ├── horizontal/           # 16:9 presentation templates
│   └── vertical/             # 9:16 presentation templates  
├── 📁 docs/                   # Documentation
│   ├── PROMPTING_GUIDE.md    # Claude prompting strategies
│   └── API.md               # Technical documentation
├── 📁 web/                    # Web interface
│   └── assets/               # CSS, JS, and images
├── 📁 input/                  # Place HTML files here
├── 📁 output/                 # Generated PDFs appear here
├── 📁 examples/               # Sample presentations
├── index.html                # GitHub Pages interface
└── package.json              # Dependencies and scripts
```

## 🔧 How It Works

1. **HTML Analysis** - Detects slide structure using multiple detection methods
2. **Format Detection** - Auto-identifies horizontal vs vertical layout  
3. **Browser Automation** - Uses Puppeteer for high-fidelity rendering
4. **PDF Capture** - Generates individual PDF pages for each slide
5. **Document Merging** - Combines slides into single PDF with pdf-lib

### Supported Presentation Types
- ✅ Claude's standard HTML presentations
- ✅ Reveal.js presentations  
- ✅ Custom HTML/CSS presentations
- ✅ Swiper.js slideshows
- ✅ Single-page presentations

## 🛠️ Development

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 16+
- npm or yarn

### Setup
```bash
npm install          # Install dependencies
npm run dev         # Development mode
npm run build       # Compile TypeScript
npm run test        # Run test suite
npm run lint        # Code quality checks
```

### Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**Slides not detected?**
- Ensure HTML uses `.slide` class or navigation dots
- Check the [Prompting Guide](docs/PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) for proper structure

**Poor PDF quality?**  
- Use `--quality high` option
- Ensure minimum 24px font sizes
- Use high-contrast colors

**Conversion timeout?**
- Increase wait time: `--wait 3000`
- Simplify complex animations
- Check for JavaScript errors

## 📊 Performance

- **Speed**: ~2-3 seconds per slide
- **Quality**: Preserves all visual formatting
- **Compatibility**: Works with all major presentation frameworks
- **Reliability**: 99.9% success rate on well-formed HTML

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

&copy; 2025 Joseph J Babcanec

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built for the Claude AI ecosystem
- Powered by [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/) and [pdf-lib](https://pdf-lib.js.org/)
- Inspired by the need for better AI-to-PDF workflows

## 🔗 Links

- [🌐 Live Demo](https://jbabcanec.github.io/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/)
- [📖 Full Documentation](docs/)
- [🎨 Template Library](templates/)
- [🐛 Report Issues](https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/issues)
- [💬 Discussions](https://github.com/jbabcanec/Claude_HTML-to-PDF/discussions)

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ for the Claude AI community by Joseph J Babcanec
</div>
